Going back to our script,
we have similar rules.
We have a port 80 rule for this resource,
and we have the same thing for ingress and egress so no problem.
There's inbound and outbound on that particular port.
Now, we have another security group that we're creating and it goes from port
8080 to port 8080 with just that single port.
And in this case,
I have an additional rule that is not in the other security group which
is from port 22 to port 22 allow traffic from anywhere.
In this case, I'm opening an SSH port which is what I'm going to use
to connect to a Linux server to be able to troubleshoot,
manage, or install software.
Ideally, you would not have this port open
or any other port other than the service port for your application.
In this case, port 8080 will be
the only necessary port to have
open because that's what you're going to use to provide your service,
but again, sometimes you need access to troubleshoot and understand problems,
maybe just look at a log file or do some kind of log analysis.
So there are situations where you would need
that port 22 open to be able to get in there,
just like if it was a Windows server,
you would have a port open so that you can do a remote desktop connection
and go into that server and make some tweaks as necessary.
Now, once you know how everything works in your application and everything is fine,
you want to come here and close that port for good so that way you don't even
have the option of somebody breaking into your server and stealing your data.
This last egress rule it says,
from port zero to all the way to the end have everything open,
and this is okay because this is an outbound traffic rule.
So if your machine is trying to connect or download some software patches or something,
you want it to be able to access the Internet unrestricted.
Again, as long as it's an outbound rule, it's fine,
you don't want that for an inbound rule to just open all ports
that will be a security risk for something sitting on a public subnet.
So let's just create this two resources and see what happens.
I'm going to save our file.
Now we need the parameters so we're going to copy it over.
This time our parameter file is going to be very simple.
It's just this one parameter and you'll see why in a second.
I'll do "Copy" put it in here and I'll hit "Save."
Now let's do a create stack.
We're going do the create stack command but we have to change the values.
Now, we're going to do a demoserverstack and we're going to
pass demoservers.yml and the parameter file is demoservers.json.
I'll hit "Execute "and let's see what happens.
So I'm going to increase the size of this window and we got a stack ID so we
can go to our console and verify what happened.
I'll close this. Now we have a new stack created. Let's take a look.
It says, "create complete."
Let's see what the values are.
The event say that security groups were created.
So let's go to EC2 and verify that they were actually created.
EC2 we're going to scroll down in this menu until we see security groups.
Here we go under network and security.
We have resources created. Let me see.
We see a demo server stack web server
and demo server stack load balancer security groups.
So we have those and we can better see the ingress and egress rule right here.
So let's go ahead and expand this a little bit more.
You can click on "Inbound" and it will show you that
this security group is allowing port 80 from anywhere.
If we click on the other one, it says,
allowing port 8080 from anywhere as well as SSH from anywhere.
Now keep in mind this is your security groups.
They're not associated with any other resource so they don't do anything
so don't be concerned that we just open ports into something,
because again, these are not associated with any of your resources yet.
Once we attach it to a server,
the server will gain this ingress and egress rules.